and here is another representative of the forest
fungi this here borovoy white usually one
hat so you have to dig it out and here
and half gently unscrew
Well, we usually test them later because
a lot of dirt and sand and Sarah
other mushrooms well here so he sticks out here
stark in white skin you got red
head or white pine here it
just
family is such a moss among lingonberries
neatly unscrew the well here
then you can close close and moss
okay, a couple of dances are not there
It is different interesting that they are in the bank
the hat is green and strong good
come on show them a couple oh perfect
in general, but it is also with yellow hymenophore am
tubules but this is small sugar
everything is perfect here. closed yes all
ok yes that is but usually here
locals
these are exactly what they take for drying
calls the bar
before real brut what's interesting in this
the forest and the bright head to his feet climbed and climbed
here is such a boron here is pine
down below
could throw a lingonberry there a little further
Blueberry starts
Christmas trees are about to be but
this time I will clear